Add Nurse (automatic pprof profiler) docs (#496)
smartcontractkit/documentation: docs/Node Operators/configuration-variables.md

Setting it lower will tend to set lower gas prices.

# Debugging

## Logging

### JSON_CONSOLE

- Default: `"false"`

> Set to true to enable JSON logging. Otherwise will log in a human-friendly console format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set to `true` to enable JSON logging. Otherwise the log is in a human-friendly console format.
```

### LOG_LEVEL

- Default: `"info"`

> The `LOG_LEVEL` environment variable determines both what is printed on the screen and what is written to the logfile, located at `$ROOT/log.jsonl`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `LOG_LEVEL` environment variable determines both what is printed on the screen and what is written to the logfile, which is located at `$ROOT/log.jsonl`.
```

> The available options are:
> - "debug"
> - "info"
> - "warn"
> - "error"
> - "panic"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The available options are:
- `debug`
- `info`
- `warn`
- `error`
- `panic`
```

Reviewer 2: Could we consider leaving out `panic`, so that we aren't encouraging suppression of errors?

### LOG_SQL

- Default: `"false"`

> Tells Chainlink to log all SQL statements made using the default logger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tells the node to log all SQL statements made using the default logger.
```

### LOG_SQL_MIGRATIONS

- Default: `"true"`

> Tells Chainlink to log all SQL migrations made using the default logger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tells the node to log all SQL migrations made using the default logger.
```

### LOG_TO_DISK

> - Default: `"true"`

Reviewer 2: This was switched off recently. https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink/commit/639b65d9f6621ffb12286968520e3aa29d5c50c5
```suggestion
- Default: `"false"`
```

Author: Nice catch

Enables or disables the node writing to the `$ROOT/log.jsonl` file.

> ## Nurse service (auto-pprof)

Reviewer: Many of these pprof config variables don't seem to be in the node source.  https://github.com/search?q=org%3Asmartcontractkit+PPROF_POLL_INTERVAL

Is this a separate module that we are pulling in at build time?

> The Chainlink node is equipped with an internal "nurse" service that can perform automatic `pprof` profiling when the certain resource thresholds are exceeded (currently, memory and goroutine count). These profiles are saved to disk to facilitate fine-grained debugging of performance-related issues. Generally speaking, if you notice that your node has begun to accumulate profiles, you should forward them to the Chainlink team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Chainlink node is equipped with an internal "nurse" service that can perform automatic `pprof` profiling when the certain resource thresholds are exceeded (currently, memory and goroutine count). These profiles are saved to disk to facilitate fine-grained debugging of performance-related issues. Generally speaking, if you notice that your node has begun to accumulate profiles, you should forward them to the Chainlink team.
```
Do we have a typeform or a contact we want customers to use? Add it here.

> **Adventurous node operators who are interested in understanding these profiles are encouraged to read [this guide](https://jvns.ca/blog/2017/09/24/profiling-go-with-pprof/).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**If you are a node operator and you need to understand these profiles, read the [Profiling Go programs with pprof](https://jvns.ca/blog/2017/09/24/profiling-go-with-pprof/) guide.**
```

`10ms`
`1h15m`
`42m30s`

> ⚠️ NOTE

> > Some env vars require a file size. A file size string is an unsigned integer (123) or float (12.3) followed by a unit suffix. Valid file size units are "b", "kb", "mb", "gb", and "tb". If the unit is omitted, it is assumed to be "b" (bytes). Capitalization does not matter. Some examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Some configuration variables require a file size. A file size string is an unsigned integer (123) or a float (12.3) followed by a unit suffix. Valid file size units are "b", "kb", "mb", "gb", and "tb". If the unit is omitted, it is assumed to be "b" (bytes). Capitalization does not matter. Some examples:
```

`123gb`

> `1.2TB`

Reviewer: Let's clarify if we mean base-10 or base-2.  For the larger size units, this makes a significant difference.
